2025/2025.md, before:

# Code Challenge - AdventJS 2025 by [@midudev](https://github.com/midudev)

![AdventJS](/assets/logo2025.webp "Logo of adventJS")

## Challenge List

- [X] [Challenge #1: 🎁 Filter the defective gifts](challenge01/challenge1.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #2: 🏭 Manufacture the toys](challenge02/challenge2.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #3: 👶 Help the intern](challenge03/challenge3.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #4: 🧮 Decipher the Santa PIN](challenge04/challenge4.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #5: ⏱️ The countdown to take off](challenge05/challenge5.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #6: 🧤 Matching gloves](challenge06/challenge6.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [ ] [Challenge #7: TBD](challenge07/challenge7.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #8: TBD](challenge08/challenge8.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #9: TBD](challenge09/challenge9.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #10: TBD](challenge10/challenge10.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #11: TBD](challenge11/challenge11.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #12: TBD](challenge12/challenge12.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #13: TBD](challenge13/challenge13.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #14: TBD](challenge14/challenge14.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #15: TBD](challenge15/challenge15.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #16: TBD](challenge16/challenge16.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #17: TBD](challenge17/challenge17.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #18: TBD](challenge18/challenge18.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #19: TBD](challenge19/challenge19.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #20: TBD](challenge20/challenge20.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #21: TBD](challenge21/challenge21.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #22: TBD](challenge22/challenge22.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #23: TBD](challenge23/challenge23.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #24: TBD](challenge24/challenge24.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #25: TBD](challenge25/challenge25.md)

## TODO list

- [ ] Complete all the challenges
- [ ] Complete all the challenges with five stars
- [ ] Complete all the achievements related to different programming languages

Commit message:

Add solution for challenge 9: The reno robot aspirator

2025/2025.md, after:

# Code Challenge - AdventJS 2025 by [@midudev](https://github.com/midudev)

![AdventJS](/assets/logo2025.webp "Logo of adventJS")

## Challenge List

- [X] [Challenge #1: 🎁 Filter the defective gifts](challenge01/challenge1.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #2: 🏭 Manufacture the toys](challenge02/challenge2.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #3: 👶 Help the intern](challenge03/challenge3.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #4: 🧮 Decipher the Santa PIN](challenge04/challenge4.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #5: ⏱️ The countdown to take off](challenge05/challenge5.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #6: 🧤 Matching gloves](challenge06/challenge6.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #7: 🎄 Decorating the tree](challenge07/challenge7.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #8: 🎁 Find the unique toy](challenge08/challenge8.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [X] [Challenge #9: 🦌 The reno robot aspirator](challenge09/challenge9.md) 5/5 ★★★★★
- [ ] [Challenge #10: TBD](challenge10/challenge10.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #11: TBD](challenge11/challenge11.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #12: TBD](challenge12/challenge12.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #13: TBD](challenge13/challenge13.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #14: TBD](challenge14/challenge14.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #15: TBD](challenge15/challenge15.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #16: TBD](challenge16/challenge16.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #17: TBD](challenge17/challenge17.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #18: TBD](challenge18/challenge18.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #19: TBD](challenge19/challenge19.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #20: TBD](challenge20/challenge20.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #21: TBD](challenge21/challenge21.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #22: TBD](challenge22/challenge22.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #23: TBD](challenge23/challenge23.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #24: TBD](challenge24/challenge24.md)
- [ ] [Challenge #25: TBD](challenge25/challenge25.md)

## TODO list

- [ ] Complete all the challenges
- [ ] Complete all the challenges with five stars
- [ ] Complete all the achievements related to different programming languages
